Add Digital History (#1637)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

## Higher Education

- [Computational Neuroscience](https://github.com/eselkin/awesome-computational-neuroscience#readme) - A multidisciplinary science which uses computational approaches to study the nervous system.

> - [Digital History](https://github.com/maehr/awesome-digital-history#readme) - Tools and services to study history scientifically.

Reviewer: > Your entry here should include a short description about the project/theme of the list. **It should not describe the list itself.**

Something like this (but better):

```suggestion
- [Digital History](https://github.com/maehr/awesome-digital-history#readme) - The study of history scientifically.
```

Author: Thanks. I commited your suggestions.

> - [Digital History](https://github.com/maehr/awesome-digital-history#readme) - The best tools, source collections, and platforms for digital history and related disciplines.

Reviewer: > Your entry here should include a short description about the project/theme of the list. **It should not describe the list itself.** The first character should be uppercase and the description should end in a dot. It should be an objective description and not a tagline or marketing blurb.
✅ - [iOS](…) - Mobile operating system for Apple phones and tablets.
✅ - [Framer](…) - Prototyping interactive UI designs.
❌ - [iOS](…) - Resources and tools for iOS development.
❌ - [Framer](…)
❌ - [Framer](…) - prototyping interactive UI designs

Author: Will do!

> - [Digital History](https://github.com/maehr/awesome-digital-history#readme) - This collection brings together the best tools, source collections and platforms for digital history and related disciplines.

Reviewer 2: I'd drop the "This collection".

Reviewer 3: You could even just make it "tools, source collections, and platforms for digital history" - the rest is implied

Author: Thank you both. I will update my PR accordingly.
